Nostalgia BGM Tracklist (LegacyGamers, Euro/Universe and others)
Warning: Goosebump alert!


This game brings back so many awesome memories. Back in the day playing online with your friends after school to late in the evening day after day. My childhood cannot be described without Gunz (okay this is greatly exaggerated, but I think a lot of us feel the same). One of the greatest form of nostalgia is listening to the good old bgm from back in the day. Sometimes I still browse through my old Gunz folders and listen to the music which will give me instant goosebumps.

I know there are still people lurking in this section, so I decided to share the list of music I've gathered. The list mostly consists of music of Legacy/Euro/Universe Gunz, but also others. Feel free to supplement the list as I do not have all the tracknames sadly. Me (and I think others) would love to know more.


LegacyGamers Gunz - '07 (Beta) and '08:
Miraculix - Search & Destroy
Miraculix - Eclipse
Koxbox - Crazy
DJ Tiësto - Lethal Industry (Svenson & Gielen Remix)
DJ Tiësto - He's a Pirate
Neuromotor - Fuck The DAT Mafia Trance Xp
Astrix - Chaos
Astrix - Coolio (Infected Mushroom Remix)
Infected Mushroom - I Wish (Skazi Remix)
Infected Mushroom - Becoming Insane
Infected Mushroom - Bombat
Infected Mushroom - Dracul
Lazy Town - You are a Pirate
DJ Tiesto - Elements of Life
P.O.D. - Boom
Freezepop - Less Talk More Rokk

LegacyGamers Gunz - Christmas:
Trans Siberian Orchestra - Wizards in Winter
Trans Siberian Orchestra - Carol of the Bells
Trans Siberian Orchestra - A Mad Russian's Christmas
Trans Siberian Orchestra - Siberian Sleigh Ride
Trans Siberian Orchestra - The March of the Kings - Hark the Herald Angel
Trans Siberian Orchestra - Christmas Canon Rock
Amy Grant - Sleigh Ride

Euro/UniverseGamers Gunz:
Foggy - Come Into My Dream
DJ Splash - Always and Forever
DJ Mangoo - Eurodancer
Bomfunk MC's - Freestyler
B-Complex - Beautiful Lies
Fort Minor - Remember the Name
Linkin Park - Faint
DJ Breeza - Everytime You Need Me
Pulsedriver - The Whistle Song (Solar Patrol Remix) (Mix with Whistling Dave, but couldn't find it yet)
Scooter - Whistling Dave (Mix with The Whistle Song, but couldn't find it yet)
Scooter - Weekend
East Clubbers - Walk Alone
Jeckyll & Hyde - Frozen Flame
Scott Fisher - Monolithic Filter
Dimrain47 - The Prototype
Mythos 'N DJ Cosmo - The Heart Of The Ocean
James Horner - A Life So Changed
Earthbound - One Nation Trance Nation
Ray Burton ft. Titus - Barock Me
Blank & Jones - After Love (Ibiza Club Mix)
DJ Sharpnel - Lonely Lonely
DJ Sharpnel - Zenon
DJ Sharpnel - World Sound
Kaze - The Voice
Cornandbeans - Midnight
Bounc3 - Paradise on E
DJ Shah - Sunday Morning (Original song, but in-game was another version)
DJ Tiesto - Titanic Remix
System Of A Down - Legend of Zelda
EON - Universe City


Other Gunz (LegendGamers Gunz, Daemons Ring Gunz, Freestyle Gunz) or I simply can't remember if it belongs to one of the lists above:
Muse - New Born
Sash! Feat. Rodriguez - Ecuador
ParagonX9 - Chaoz Fantasy
ParagonX9 - Chaoz Impact
ParagonX9 - Defection
ParagonX9 - Chaoz Airflow
The Prodigy - Omen
The Prodigy - Invaders Must Die
Guru Josh Project - Infinity
Safri Duo - Bongo Song
DJ Jurgen/Alice DJ - Better Off Alone
Alice DJ - Will I Ever
Prince Negaafellaga - Introduction
Rob Dougan - Clubbed to Death


Remember: feel free to supplement the list!
Cheers!

Thanks too Patrick2607
